Include max_udp_payload_size in packet size discussion (#3651)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

packet size. Exceeding this limit can be avoided once the value is known.
However, prior to learning the value of the transport parameter, endpoints risk
datagrams being lost if they send packets larger than 1200 bytes.

Datagrams containing Initial packets MAY exceed 1200 bytes if the client
believes that the network path and peer both support the size that it chooses.

UDP datagrams MUST NOT be fragmented at the IP layer.  In IPv4
{{!IPv4=RFC0791}}, the DF bit MUST be set to prevent fragmentation on the path.

A server MUST discard an Initial packet that is carried in a UDP datagram with
a payload that is less than 1200 bytes. A server MAY also immediately close the
connection by sending a CONNECTION_CLOSE frame with an error code of
PROTOCOL_VIOLATION; see {{immediate-close-hs}}.

The server MUST also limit the number of bytes it sends before validating the
address of the client; see {{address-validation}}.

## Path Maximum Transmission Unit (PMTU)

The Path Maximum Transmission Unit (PMTU) is the maximum size of the entire IP
packet including the IP header, UDP header, and UDP payload.  The UDP payload
includes the QUIC packet header, protected payload, and any authentication

> fields.  The PMTU can depend upon the current path characteristics.  Therefore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields.  The PMTU can depend upon current path characteristics.  Therefore,
```

> fields.  The PMTU can depend upon the current path characteristics.  Therefore,
> the current largest UDP payload an implementation will send is referred to as
> the QUIC maximum packet size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields.  The PMTU can depend on path characteristics, and can therefore change
over time.  The largest UDP payload an endpoint sends at any given time is
referred to as the endpoint's maximum packet size.
```
